11.05.2025

I ve figured out that there are 6 type of calculating with percentage which are :

1. Basic part, whole, miltiplying by 100
2  Aggregation
3. With conditions
4. Percentage change
5. Cumulative %
6. Weighted %


So at the moment I am sharpening my knowledge on all of these calculations starting the the basics one first. 

tomorrow I need to analyze the dataset from teh the metabease


26.05.2025

Today I coded on the project of the airline and only the 7th and 8th task is left to finish it. I am certain by tomorrow I will get it done.

27.05.25


Today I am working on the codecademy taks 7 and 8 to complete it today. It takes too much time to upload and work there. From now on I am 
thinking where I dy any task I fist complete it in jupyter notebook and at codecademy one by one. In order to upload also my work in 
codecademy.

AI feedback on my project:


dasdasdas


1. Ensure that all tasks are completed as per the project requirements. For instance, Task 6 could include more analysis on how the 
number of passengers changes with flight length, rather than just visualizing it. 

(meaining : I need to digg deeper to get more insights about the  issue)


2. Consider using functions to encapsulate repetitive code blocks, such as plotting functions. This will make your code more modular
and easier to maintain.

example: 

def plot_histogram(data, title, xlabel, ylabel):
    sns.histplot(data)
    plt.title(title)
    plt.xlabel(xlabel)
    plt.ylabel(ylabel)
    plt.show()
    plt.clf()

plot_histogram(flight.coach_price, "1 : Boxplot of Coach Price", "Price", "Frequency")


28.05

Today I had an hour of studying . 


29.05

Today I finished my EDA analysis with codecademy. Got my certificate. 



8.06. 

Today I have a lot of problem with github I spent a hour try to fix my github stil couldnt do it. So but anyway in the morning I spent an hour
to do a deep work. That is already a good sign that I am doing. 

9.06.

    Today I am having 2h of deep work to intentionally  work on my project. I worked enough and I am seeing progress. Need to work more
and more. 

27.06

Today I am coming back to my coding in python doing EDA Analysis. So continuing my job. It seems and feels so difficult to me. I dont know
but anyway I am doing it. Lets suffer I am not enjoying it at all. But anyway, I dont have any other choice but to code to earn more and 
make a better life. I better start to enjoying it more than complain about it because I dont have any other choice but to learn more. 
